the grenade will continue one more season in
first division lower second the
Valladolid of the Andalusian team that
depended on himself and thanks to a goal
in own door of mitrovic got
the permanence in extremis there is the photo
initial
the vallisoletano picture that in the
first half had some
opportunity to get beat
roberto how is this javi war that
comes out rubbing the right stick of the
Granada goal and Javi Guerra asked
the possible corner in the position pass
correct the race does not arrive
Valladolid centrals cover the
hole roberto and it does not define at all
good javi war
there the first warning of the grenade
with that shot with the head of mind what
jaime sack
again Valladolid tried it there
we see the former jeffrén barcelonista
opening the ball to the right side
incorporating now as an extreme
javi war to its center and there saves the
it would have been a goal in itself address
the first of valladolid roberto
after this man of mine
will be wrong in the clearance there we go
to see precisely observe how he plays
with the tips of the fingers roberto and the
ball repelled by the crossbar
javi war again with the ball was still
attacking the Valladolid and there observe the
chuf de jeffrén and in two times just
catching the ball roberto probably
one of the best players in the grenade
in today's match
jeffrén observe in the south and in 201
and 2
and there comes the frank rico goal goes through
on the ball
the pass piti and the val in own door
mitrovic
obviously not wanting in the clearance
before the blond of the followers of the
pomegranate
introduced the ball in own goal and
the French pass for piti and there
observe with the right foot as
mitrovic
put the ball in his own goal on
The ball came in entirely, the referee was
well it's legal goal , we 'll see it there
perfectly
and the strategy saved
the granada depended on it and this goal
eventually
I would leave him in the first division, there we see
to piti an injured
today on the bench
both lucas alcaraz and juan ignacio
martínez
and he left the field
every day motorized before the protests
from the public , Valladolid was against
the ropes needed to come back with two
goals and expect combinations
and the nerves probably gripped
manucho ya osorio the men who
they came in suddenly in the second half
and with impetus but without success what
tried the valladolid like in this
occasion of manucho
with an order when with much
intelligence and controlling emotions
there you will probably see the
technical action the best match
observe what the brain does
and what the goalkeeper jaime does also
and I even need a few moments
to recover breathing
it was in the stands absolutely stop
after this genius of bryant and
I tried again there the whole
Andalusian
with that double triple and the paradón
also from jaime al chute ighalo
of the grenade they saw as
little by little they were already caressing the
stay one more season in the
maximum category of Spanish football
the grenade
defended even attacking
and at the end of the game obviously
the joy in the image of permanence
of victory in this case
and the image of the defeat of the descent
by the players of the
Valladolid week second remains the
pomegranate